What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

A git folder is created that keeps track of all the meta data. You need this to
keep track of all your commits and version updates.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

The staging are is where you place files that are ready to be committed. The repository
is a container for all of your commits and the working directory are the files
being worked on that aren't ready for a commit. The staging area helps organize
your workflow.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

You have to add files you want to commit to the staging area so you can just pick the
ones you want to commit instead of the entire workspace.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized?
How would branches help?

When you're trying to experiment, but don't want to commit to your working project
is when you would want to use branches. That way you can incorporate ideas that
interest you, but may prove to be problematic in the end.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

The diagrams help by giving a visual representation of when branches occur and
what they are branched off of.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

The result is that the two branches are combined into one. This new branch's parents
are the two branches it was combined from. All the commits from these branches'
are now the commits of the new branch. You represent this in the diagram the way you to
in order to show this fact.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Git's automatic merging allows you to easily merge to branches without really thinking
about it. The downside is when there are conflicts in the two branches. These
will have to be handled manually and git knows this.
